with its rally racing inspired design an
exceptional performance the 2012 Lancer
Evolution delivers a spirited driving
experience that rivals the world's most
exclusive sports cars while providing
everyday practicality the lancer
evolution is available in two trim
levels GSR and mr let's take a quick
five-point walk around the new lancer
evolution so you can see why it's the
ultimate four door sport sedan from the
front a weight reducing aluminum roof
panel hood and front fenders are among
the Lancer Evolution long list of
standard equipment it's shark nosed
fascia aggressively shaped HID headlamps
and prominent grille sections not only
give the Lancer Evolution its imposing
face the tall and wide openings also
flow volumes of air into the engine
compartment to provide cooling under the
vented aluminum hood a 2-liter 291
horsepower turbocharged mivec engine
delivers 300 pound feet of torque for
drivers who prefer a tactile feel the
GSR features a five-speed manual gearbox
while the mr offers a high-tech 6-speed
twin clutch SST transmission with
magnesium paddle shifters Brembo brakes
with available to these rotors provide
stopping power from the driver's seat
area the Lancer Evolution standard
features include the fuse hands-free
link system recaro sport seats leather
wrapped steering wheel and parking brake
lever and a handy USB input port
available technological amenities
include a 710 wat rockford fosgate audio
system 40 gigabyte hard disk drive
navigation system with music server now
with real-time traffic and the fast key
entry and starting system a new LED
illumination package available on GSR
and mr provides blue LED lighting to the
driver and front passenger floorboards
and LED interior
for a more inviting an exciting book the
touring package is also available for
the mr that includes a power glass
sunroof leather seating surfaces for the
recaro seats improved sound insulation
auto-dimming rearview mirror automatic
on/off headlamps rain sensing wipers and
heated front seats and door mirrors from
the rear llamar has a low profile rear
lip spoiler for a subtle look while the
GSR gets the rally race inspired tall
trunk mounted rear spoiler eibach
springs and bilstein struts are standard
on the mr new rear park assist sensors
available on GSR and mr alert the driver
to obstacles when backing up as we move
to the rear passenger door notice the
wide fenders with functional heat
extractors vents the short rear deck lid
and a tall belt line that slopes
downward towards the front of the car
all combined to give the Lancer
Evolution an attractive muscular stance
finishing at the front passenger door
let's talk about safety standard safety
features consists of a seven airbag
system including a driver's knee airbag
active stability control abs with
electronic brake-force distribution and
super all-wheel control just to name a
few and to keep the Lancer Evolution on
the road long into the future it's
backed by five years 60,000 mile limited
powertrain warranty coverage the lancer
evolution isn't just a sport your
version of Lancer it's a
high-performance vehicle that's road
ready with its aggressive styling track
tuned performance and state-of-the-art
technology the 2012 lancer evolution
takes everything to the next level
you